

LSA:
Modern statistical NLP approaches can combine all these strategies as well as others, and often achieve acceptable accuracy at the page or paragraph level, but continue to lack the semantic understanding required to classify isolated sentences well. [d] Compared with GOFAI, new "statistical learning" techniques such as HMM and neural networks were gaining higher levels of accuracy in many practical domains such as data mining , without necessarily acquiring semantic understanding of the datasets. Early pioneers also include Alexey Grigorevich Ivakhnenko , Teuvo Kohonen , Stephen Grossberg , Kunihiko Fukushima , Christoph von der Malsburg, David Willshaw, Shun-Ichi Amari , Bernard Widrow , John Hopfield , Eduardo R. Caianiello , and others. [291] Some self-driving cars are not equipped with steering wheels or brake pedals, so there has also been research focused on creating an algorithm that is capable of maintaining a safe environment for the passengers in the vehicle through awareness of speed and driving conditions. A group of prominent tech titans including Peter Thiel , Amazon Web Services and Musk have committed $1billion to OpenAI , a nonprofit company aimed at championing responsible AI development. Ray Kurzweil has used Moore's law (which describes the relentless exponential improvement in digital technology) to calculate that desktop computers will have the same processing power as human brains by the year 2029, and predicts that the singularity will occur in 2045. In the 1980s, artist Hajime Sorayama 's Sexy Robots series were painted and published in Japan depicting the actual organic human form with lifelike muscular metallic skins and later "the Gynoids" book followed that was used by or influenced movie makers including George Lucas and other creatives. ^ Mnih, Volodymyr; Kavukcuoglu, Koray; Silver, David; Rusu, Andrei A.; Veness, Joel; Bellemare, Marc G.; Graves, Alex; Riedmiller, Martin; Fidjeland, Andreas K.; Ostrovski, Georg; Petersen, Stig; Beattie, Charles; Sadik, Amir; Antonoglou, Ioannis; King, Helen; Kumaran, Dharshan; Wierstra, Daan; Legg, Shane; Hassabis, Demis (26 February 2015). Slides on Deep Learning Online Archived 23 April 2016 at the Wayback Machine ^ Silver, David ; Schrittwieser, Julian; Simonyan, Karen; Antonoglou, Ioannis; Huang, Aja ; Guez, Arthur; Hubert, Thomas; Baker, Lucas; Lai, Matthew; Bolton, Adrian; Chen, Yutian ; Lillicrap, Timothy; Fan, Hui ; Sifre, Laurent; Driessche, George van den; Graepel, Thore; Hassabis, Demis (19 October 2017). ^ Hannun, Awni; Case, Carl; Casper, Jared; Catanzaro, Bryan; Diamos, Greg; Elsen, Erich; Prenger, Ryan; Satheesh, Sanjeev; Sengupta, Shubho; Coates, Adam; Ng, Andrew Y. 

Luhn:
Modern statistical NLP approaches can combine all these strategies as well as others, and often achieve acceptable accuracy at the page or paragraph level, but continue to lack the semantic understanding required to classify isolated sentences well. [d] Compared with GOFAI, new "statistical learning" techniques such as HMM and neural networks were gaining higher levels of accuracy in many practical domains such as data mining , without necessarily acquiring semantic understanding of the datasets. Early pioneers also include Alexey Grigorevich Ivakhnenko , Teuvo Kohonen , Stephen Grossberg , Kunihiko Fukushima , Christoph von der Malsburg, David Willshaw, Shun-Ichi Amari , Bernard Widrow , John Hopfield , Eduardo R. Caianiello , and others. [291] Some self-driving cars are not equipped with steering wheels or brake pedals, so there has also been research focused on creating an algorithm that is capable of maintaining a safe environment for the passengers in the vehicle through awareness of speed and driving conditions. A group of prominent tech titans including Peter Thiel , Amazon Web Services and Musk have committed $1billion to OpenAI , a nonprofit company aimed at championing responsible AI development. Ray Kurzweil has used Moore's law (which describes the relentless exponential improvement in digital technology) to calculate that desktop computers will have the same processing power as human brains by the year 2029, and predicts that the singularity will occur in 2045. In the 1980s, artist Hajime Sorayama 's Sexy Robots series were painted and published in Japan depicting the actual organic human form with lifelike muscular metallic skins and later "the Gynoids" book followed that was used by or influenced movie makers including George Lucas and other creatives. ^ Mnih, Volodymyr; Kavukcuoglu, Koray; Silver, David; Rusu, Andrei A.; Veness, Joel; Bellemare, Marc G.; Graves, Alex; Riedmiller, Martin; Fidjeland, Andreas K.; Ostrovski, Georg; Petersen, Stig; Beattie, Charles; Sadik, Amir; Antonoglou, Ioannis; King, Helen; Kumaran, Dharshan; Wierstra, Daan; Legg, Shane; Hassabis, Demis (26 February 2015). Slides on Deep Learning Online Archived 23 April 2016 at the Wayback Machine ^ Silver, David ; Schrittwieser, Julian; Simonyan, Karen; Antonoglou, Ioannis; Huang, Aja ; Guez, Arthur; Hubert, Thomas; Baker, Lucas; Lai, Matthew; Bolton, Adrian; Chen, Yutian ; Lillicrap, Timothy; Fan, Hui ; Sifre, Laurent; Driessche, George van den; Graepel, Thore; Hassabis, Demis (19 October 2017). ^ Hannun, Awni; Case, Carl; Casper, Jared; Catanzaro, Bryan; Diamos, Greg; Elsen, Erich; Prenger, Ryan; Satheesh, Sanjeev; Sengupta, Shubho; Coates, Adam; Ng, Andrew Y. 

Edmundson:
The traditional problems (or goals) of AI research include reasoning , knowledge representation , planning , learning , natural language processing , perception and the ability to move and manipulate objects. A neural network is an interconnected group of nodes, akin to the vast network of neurons in the human brain .Neural networks, or neural nets, were inspired by the architecture of neurons in the human brain. [k] In the 2010s, advances in neural networks using deep learning thrust AI into widespread public consciousness and contributed to an enormous upshift in corporate AI spending; for example, AI-related M&A in 2017 was over 25 times as large as in 2015. Deep feedforward neural networks[ edit ] According to one overview, the expression "Deep Learning" was introduced to the Machine Learning community by Rina Dechter in 1986 [232] and gained traction after
Igor Aizenberg and colleagues introduced it to Artificial Neural Networks in 2000. Recent exhibitions showcasing the usage of AI to produce art include the Google-sponsored benefit and auction at the Gray Area Foundation in San Francisco, where artists experimented with the deepdream algorithm [309] and the exhibition "Unhuman: Art in the Age of AI," which took place in Los Angeles and Frankfurt in the fall of 2017. Machine ethics[ edit ] The field of machine ethics is concerned with giving machines ethical principles, or a procedure for discovering a way to resolve the ethical dilemmas they might encounter, enabling them to function in an ethically responsible manner through their own ethical decision making. [187] ^ Expectation-maximization, one of the most popular algorithms in machine learning, allows clustering in the presence of unknown latent variables ^ The most widely used analogical AI until the mid-1990s ^ SVM displaced k-nearest neighbor in the 1990s ^ Naive Bayes is reportedly the "most widely used learner" at Google, due in part to its scalability. Qualification problem :
While McCarthy was primarily concerned with issues in the logical representation of actions, Russell & Norvig 2003 apply the term to the more general issue of default reasoning in the vast network of assumptions underlying all our commonsense knowledge. ^ Artificial brain arguments: AI requires a simulation of the operation of the human brain
A few of the people who make some form of the argument:
The most extreme form of this argument (the brain replacement scenario) was put forward by Clark Glymour in the mid-1970s and was touched on by Zenon Pylyshyn and John Searle in 1980. Bayesian networks : Bayesian inference algorithm: Bayesian learning and the expectation-maximization algorithm : Bayesian decision theory and Bayesian decision networks : ^ Stochastic temporal models: Dynamic Bayesian networks : Hidden Markov model : Kalman filters : decision theory and decision analysis : Markov decision processes and dynamic decision networks : Game theory and mechanism design : Statistical learning methods and classifiers : Decision tree : ^ Neural networks and connectionism: K-nearest neighbor algorithm : kernel methods such as the support vector machine : Gaussian mixture model : Naive Bayes classifier : Classifier performance: ^ "Why Deep Learning Is Suddenly Changing Your Life" . 

LexRank:
In computer science , artificial intelligence ( AI ), sometimes called machine intelligence , is intelligence demonstrated by machines , in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans and animals. Can a machine be intelligent? This is known as the AI Effect: "AI is whatever hasn't been done yet." "Where's the AI". ^ "Algorithm in Artificial Intelligence" . ^ Research, AI (23 October 2015). Retrieved July 29 ^ https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=3204480.3186697 Retrieved July 29 The Turing test : Turing's original publication:
Historical influence and philosophical implications: Dartmouth proposal: (the original proposal) Crevier 1993 , p. 49 (historical significance) On Intelligence . Machine Intelligence . Turing, Alan (October 1950), "Computing Machinery and Intelligence", Mind , LIX (236): 433–460, doi : 10.1093/mind/LIX.236.433 , ISSN 0026-4423 . 